Unified Cloud Navigation screenshot removal and style edits (#187)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions.mdx

## Organization Permissions

> Separate from workspace permissions, teams can be granted permissions to manage certain resources or settings across an organization. To set these permissions for a team, click **Settings**. Then click **Teams** and select the team name from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separate from workspace permissions, you can grant teams permissions to manage certain resources or settings across an organization. To set these permissions for a team, go to your organization's **Settings**. Then click **Teams**, and select the team name from the list.
```
